# initial meeting IWG workgroup

2020-02-23

## Agenda

* How do we want to communicate within the working group
  [#21](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/21)
* Agree how we document and review
  [#18](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/18)
* discuss next steps on "Document current project infrastructure"
  [#9](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/9)

## Participants

* ...

## Minutes

### How do we want to communicate within the working group [#21](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/21)

* ...

### Agree how we document and review [#18](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/18)

* ...

### discuss next steps on "Document current project infrastructure" [#9](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/9)

* ...

### other topics

...
