# IWG workgroup meeting on 2020-02-23

## Agenda

* How do we want to communicate within the working group
  [#21](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/21)
* Agree how we document and review
  [#18](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/18)
* discuss next steps on "Document current project infrastructure"
  [#9](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/9)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Philip Reames
* Zhiqian Xia
* Mishal Shah
* Tom Stellard
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Azhar Mohammed
* Cameron McInally
* Mike Edwards
* Mehdi Amini

## Minutes

### How do we want to communicate within the working group [#21](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/21)

* We will use Discord for chatting
* We will use Email for offline communication and decisions
* Email is the system of record, Discord for casual communication on where we
  want to go
* Taking decisions:
  * Discussion on chat are fine, for decisions, we send decision proposals via
    email to our mailing list
  * Decision mode: consensus with explicit +1 on email thread
* Side note: The LLVM Foundation asks this working group for a new solution for
  the mailman server. It is a hugh time sink to maintain
  [#31](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/31)
* Action item for Mike: Check if we want to make the iwg@llvm.org mailing
  list a mailman group
  [#32](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/32)

### Agree how we document and review [#18](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/18)

* We will document our work
  * using Markdown files
  * stored in a new GitHub repo under the LLVM Foundation
  * reviewed via GitHub Pull Requests
* We want to use GitHub Issues fo planning/tracking of our work.
* LLVM is historically using ReStructured Text, but plan hope is to move
  towards markdown in the future.
* We do not want to have scripting/tooling in the working group repo.
* New projects in the LLVM projects (npcomp, circt) tend to be try using
  GitHub Issues and PullRequests.
* We do not want to introduce new fragmentation into the tooling landscape.
* Action item for Mike/Christian:
  * Create new repo [#33](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/33)
  * Then Migrate: README.md, infrastructure_documentation.md, meeting minutes
    [#34](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/34)
* Action item (for working group):
  Document which sub-projects are using Phabricator and PullRequests
  [#35](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/35)

### discuss next steps on "Survey on current project infrastructure" [#9](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/9)

* Action item for Christian: rename file to "survey" 
  ([done](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/commit/d75fe71da959128c1bbbb42f026269d734bdb6ef))
* Goals:
  * have broad overview of all system to decide what we're working on.
  * avoid duplication of things already documented somewhere else
  * have overview page, not a documentation page, "curated set of links"
  * improve main/original LLVM documentation over time where needed
* Lots of tooling is community provided (volunteer efforts), should that be
  documented?
  * start with workflows, derive the important tools from these
  * Rather than writing up our own workflow documentation, provide links to
    commonly used workflows. We will then use these for our understanding of
    the critical infrastructure.
* action item (Christian): start list of know/documented workflows
  [#36](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/36)
  * add Links to:
    * getting stared doc
    * developer policy
    * code review documentation
  * Encourage people to improve the original documentation where relevant

### scheduling future meetings

* duration: schedule for 50 min (go over to max 60 if needed)
* send doodle for next meeting + a permanent time slot
  [#39](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/39)

### other topics

* action item: documenting BuildBot owners
  * This information should be on the worker page. If that is missing, we should
     ask the owners to add that information
  [#37](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/37)
  * action item (me): add this to the BuildBot documentation
    * point to worker page
    * escalation 1: ask Galina
    * escalation 2: ask IWG
    * document CI machines not part of BuildBot
  * action item: scan through list of workers, check if owner information is
    available
    [#38](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/38)
