# initial meeting IWG workgroup

2020-02-11

## Agenda

see [issue #3](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/3#issue-785813999)

## Participants

* Christian KÃ¼hnel
* Philip Reames
* Zhiqian Xia
* Anja Gerbes
* Cameron McInally
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Mikhail Goncharov
* Mike Edwards
* Tom Stellard
* Mehdi Amini
* Wei Wu
* Shivam Gupta

## Minutes

### Getting to know

common themes on the motivation for joining the working group:

* improving infrastructure
* improving buildbots
* increasing code quality
* improving documentation
* improving testing

### discuss first work items [#5](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/5)

### Initial work item: Document existing LLVM infrastructure
  
* unclear what we have
* unclear who is maintaining it
* unclear whom to contact if something is broken
* this will help us define scope of our working group
* Rationale:
  * gain trust of community before tackling larger topics
  * non-controversial topic
* Focus on completeness of the list than on perfection/quality of documentation
* Christian started a collection of the
  [existing infrastructure](infrastructure_survey.md),
  cf. [#9](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/9)
* Action item: agree how we want to review this type of documents (PRs vs.
  Phabricator), cf.
  [#18](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/18)

### Discussions

* Other topics we could start working on:
  * who handles incoming infrastructure bug reports?
    * central point of contact? then route the requests?
* What is our scope?
  * Primary mission: Community infrastructure and tooling
  * Maybe also: tools used by the foundation (and not the community)
    * Example: helping with the refresh of the llvm.org website
    * community and foundation might have different requirements (e.g. open vs.
      proprietary tools)
    * stakeholders are different!
    * we should be explicit in our work regarding stakeholders and their
      requirements
  * This working group should play an active role in defining the scope!
* What is our role? Do we make decisions? Or recommendations?
  * We should make the recommendations and have the community decide.
  * How do we come to decisions on infrastructure then?
    * Follow what the community does already: RFCs,
      [decision making process](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-www/blob/main/proposals/LP0001-LLVMDecisionMaking.md)
    * If it impacts ths developer workflows: build community consensus
    * infrastructure only: this group should be able to decide
* What is our budget? Our time? Money?
  * How much time can the working group members dedicate?
  * How much money can we spend?
    * corporate sponsors might be able to gather some donations for taking over
      some infrastructure
    * the foundation reserved budget for infrastructure work in 2021
    * some vendors donate working hours to the foundation (instead of money)
  * Focus of the group should be on organizing/managing and less on running
    the infrastructure ourselves.
  * Action item: Understand what our current infrastructure costs and how
    we can spend our money (and time) wisely, cf.
    [#19](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/19).
* How often do we want to meet?
  * long term: once a month
  * short term: bi-weekly
  * action item: Schedule next meeting in ~2 weeks, cf.
    [#20](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/20).
* How do we communicate
  * Slack? Discourse? Discord? IRC? Email?
  * Decision:
    * start with iwg@llvm.org mailing list
    * action item: discuss this in a future meeting, cf.
    [#21](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/21).
* action item: formalize this working group, cf.
    [#22](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/iwg-workspace/issues/22).
  * elect chair
  * define list of members
  * documentation of responsibilities (e.g. how long do people serve?) as
    guidelines for future members

### discuss how we want to work #4

postponed to next meeting

### other topics

see "Discussion" above
